
Town name: Sunnyville

State: East Coast: Massachusetts

Central industry: Used to be a paper town; now it's all about the tourism--forests, trails
  - ranger service
  - a lot of self-employed guides
    - biggest shop in town is a group of 4 folks, each specializing in kayaking, fishing, hunting, and hiking
    - lots of one-off guides

Economic level: trying hard; folks aren't poor, but they're not well off

Current season: Fall -- early

Biggest current scandal: the Mayor had an affair with a public school teacher
  - they're still together
  - Ms. Natalia Schmitt

Biggest historical scandal: paper tycoon, Billingsworth, took the money from his company, embezzedl it, and sent it under; believed to be still at large
  - reason for economy transition

Mayor's Name: Kyle Montgomery
School team name: Minutemen
School mascot: Giant, dancing clock



Name: Brad Torp [Kyle] - adult - 25
profession: electrician
Theory: original paper factory was actually a military training camp.
Fear: Being forced to make weapons of mass descruction; informs what he invents in his spare time, environmental inventions--clean energy. Pretty good at it: has a plasma fusion generator.

Name: Roger Thomas Mortan (Rog for short) [Nick] - teen - 14
Theory: old man Billingsworth is living in the woods, and he's got folks in town helping him, trying to keep them quiet
Fear: collapse of the US dollar

Name: Alphonse Joseph [Luis] - teen - 15
Sacrifice to remain beautiful: anybody
Fear: corpses: avoids funerals and old people. Wouldn't go into a cemetery.

Relationships:
1) Brad: he actually got the clean energy to start working, and started implementing it into the power grid
2) Rog: doesn't want to associate with Alphonse because he's a pretty boy--stuff is messy, it gets gnarly, and can't be bothered with folks who can't even go into the cemetary.
3) Brad: Alphonse was very impressed with my inventions and spoke very highly of it; was inspired by the beauty of it.
4) Alphonse: heard that Brad is fucking insane.
5) Brad: Torp's are smart, hard-working people; they're important in town because of that, folks respect them (and their outcomes), though sometimes find their opinions a little out there.
6) Brad doesn't want to associate with Rog because his theories are all wrong. He believes Billingsworth is still out there, but we all know he isn't; the government would never allow a loose end like that in the wild.
