In the morning, Odo was still fast asleep. Gimlet roused his spirits with some spirits, forcing
some whiskey down his throat. After two glugs, Odo was fully roused. He was in great pain, and so
Delph and Gimlet, after much discussion of what to do with him, decided to both try and heal him
and to send him on his way. Gimlet handed him a stout walking stick and he tried to walk. He didn't
stumble, but it was clear he wouldn't be able to make the long, difficult journey to Woodmen-Town.

They searched for healing herbs, but found none. They wanted to bloodlet Odo and approached him; Odo
wasn't convinced that they knew what they were doing (roll 3, medicine), and so he took the knife
and did it himself (who knows if he knew what he was doing, roll 12, medicine). His swollen leg
seemed to compress slightly as the blood flowed.

Delph decided to gather water, and Gimlet stayed behind with Odo. All the while, Donaril began
setting noise-making traps around the camp (N, S, E).

At the river, Delph paused, looking for any danger, before gathering water. After the last skin was
filled, he rose, turned around, and was bewildered to see that the forest looked totally different
(nat 1). He couldn't tell whether the trees had moved, but it felt as though all sensible thoughts
about direction had left him. Staring at the strangeness before him, he noticed a figure standing
to the left: what appeared to be a wavy form, as though heat were rising and creating a mirage. He
dove into a bush, rustling it slightly, and attempted to observe the figure. The figure began
moving toward where Delph was first looking (i.e., the center of Delph's vision after turning
away from the river). Delph watched him moved. The figure stopped. Delph waited, and then moved to
his left, into a bush; he moved agaain, leftward, behind a boulder. His movement was stealthy, and
not even the sharpest eyes would have been able to see him. Even at a close range, Delph wasn't
able to make out the figure. It was as though one became crosseyed while looking at it. There was
certainly something there, but it eluded direct perception.

He peeked from behind the boulder, noticing the figure wasn't moving. He threw his voice far to
his right, and the figure began moving toward it. He then, obscuring himself with his cloak, made
his way to the treeline. At the treeline, Delph looked back to see the figure disappear into the
forest at the same time as himself. He threw himself behind a tree, attempting to find his way
with his maps and compass.

Gimlet, all the while, had been preparing food. Odo became dreary; settling down onto the mat given
to him by the party, he moved and spoke little. His face seemed flush.



Notes:
- Donaril was out sick, so no elfy shenans; we used his character to set traps, which seemed like
  something Donaril would do (since he's done it before)
- Gimlet asked Odo about how many goblins there were, but not about how Odo came to be under one
